docs: Link to the Alpine Linux community package for Synapse (#16304)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/setup/installation.md

sudo pip install py-bcrypt
```

> #### AlpineLinux
> 
> In the AlpineLinux packages exist [official maintained package](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/packages?name=synapse&branch=edge), so you can just install it with:
> 
> ```sh
> sudo apk add synapse
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Alpine Linux

6543 maintains [Synapse packages for Alpine Linux]( (https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/packages?name=synapse&branch=edge) in the community repository. Install with:

```sh
sudo apk add synapse
```
